# This list gives the packages we build in the order in which they are build
acts|josborn1@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/Half|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/compressor|cer@mit.edu
online_distribution/newbasic|purschke@bnl.gov
online_distribution/pmonitor|purschke@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/phool|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/phoolraw|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/database/pdbcal/base|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/database/pdbcal/pg|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/vararray|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/frog|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/ffaobjects|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/ffarawobjects|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/fun4all|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/fun4allraw|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/ffarawmodules|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/generators/JEWEL|kunnawalkamraghav@gmail.com
coresoftware/generators/hijing|dave@bnl.gov
coresoftware/generators/sHijing|dave@bnl.gov
coresoftware/generators/flowAfterburner|dave@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/PHGeometry|jhuang@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/PHField|jhuang@bnl.gov
#
# simulations
# simulations/generator
coresoftware/generators/phhepmc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# fermi motion uses phhepmc
coresoftware/generators/FermiMotionAfterburner|sl4859@columbia.edu
coresoftware/generators/HIJINGFlipAfterburner|sl4859@columbia.edu
#PHPythia8 needs phhepmc
coresoftware/generators/PHPythia8|dvp@bnl.gov
coresoftware/generators/PHPythia6|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# ffamodules need sphenixnpc
coresoftware/offline/database/sphenixnpc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# we want generator values in the event header
coresoftware/offline/framework/ffamodules|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/database/PHParameter|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/database/cdbobjects|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/framework/fun4allutils|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# simulations/Geant4
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/eASTPhysicsList|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4decayer|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4gdml|jhuang@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4main|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/CaloBase|jhuang@bnl.gov
# g4detectors/g4ihcal/g4ohcal and offline/packages/mbd need calo_io
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4detectors|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4ihcal|msar@gsu.edu
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4ohcal|msar@gsu.edu
coresoftware/offline/packages/trackbase|afrawley@fsu.edu
coresoftware/offline/packages/trackbase_historic|afrawley@fsu.edu
coresoftware/offline/packages/globalvertex|josborn1@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/mbd|chiu@bnl.gov
#coresoftware/offline/packages/rawtodst|afrawley@fsu.edu
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4tracking|0ds.johnny@gmail.com
# tracking needs g4 detectors for geometry classes
# qa utils for data based qa modules
coresoftware/offline/packages/QAUtils|josborn1@bnl.gov
# mvtx needs trackbase, tracking also needs trackbase_historic for now
coresoftware/offline/packages/mvtx|ycmorales@rcf.rhic.bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/intt|afrawley@fsu.edu
coresoftware/offline/packages/micromegas|hugo.pereira-da-costa@cea.fr
coresoftware/offline/packages/tpc|afrawley@fsu.edu
# g4tpc, g4mvtx and g4intt need tpc, mvtx and intt
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4tpc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4mvtx|afrawley@fsu.edu
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4intt|afrawley@fsu.edu
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4micromegas|hugo.pereira-da-costa@cea.fr
coresoftware/offline/packages/epd|ejironaomiumaka@gmail.com
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4epd|ejironaomiumaka@gmail.com
# cemc needs g4detectors
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4bbc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4cemc|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4calo|jhuang@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/trigger|dvp@bnl.gov
# genfit stuff
coresoftware/offline/packages/PHGenFitPkg/GenFitExp|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/PHGenFitPkg/PHGenFit|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4vertex|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/jetbase|0ds.johnny@gmail.com
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4jets|dvp@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/jetbackground|dvp@bnl.gov
# centrality needs trackbase_historic
coresoftware/offline/packages/centrality|dvp@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4centrality|dvp@bnl.gov
# event plane needs centrality
coresoftware/offline/packages/eventplaneinfo|ejironaomiumaka@gmail.com
# simulations/Geant4/ evals
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4eval|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4trackfastsim|jhuang@bnl.gov
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4histos|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
#DecayFinder needs libg4hit in g4main
coresoftware/offline/packages/decayfinder|cdean@bnl.gov
# HFTrackEfficiency needs DecayFinder
coresoftware/offline/packages/HFTrackEfficiency|cdean@bnl.gov
# KFFParticle needs libeval
coresoftware/offline/packages/KFParticle_sPHENIX|cdean@bnl.gov
# Offline tracking software
coresoftware/offline/packages/trackreco|josborn1@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/TrackerMillepedeAlignment|afrawley@fsu.edu
coresoftware/offline/packages/TrackingDiagnostics|josborn1@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/tpccalib|hugo.pereira-da-costa@cea.fr
# Offline calorimeter software
coresoftware/offline/packages/CaloReco|jhuang@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/ClusterIso|dvp@bnl.gov
# calorimeters and tracking combined
coresoftware/offline/packages/particleflow|dvp@bnl.gov
coresoftware/offline/packages/JetTagging|antonio.silva@cern.ch
# Simulation and Offline software for calorimeter/T1044 
prototype/simulation/g4simulation/g4caloprototype|jhuang@bnl.gov
prototype/offline/packages/Prototype2|jhuang@bnl.gov
prototype/offline/packages/Prototype3|jhuang@bnl.gov
prototype/offline/packages/Prototype4|jhuang@bnl.gov
# Jet tagging module
coresoftware/offline/packages/ResonanceJetTagging|antonio.sphenix@gmail.com
# QA modules that use both simulation and offline libs
coresoftware/offline/QA/modules|jhuang@bnl.gov
# TPC hit and track prep for event display
coresoftware/offline/packages/TPCHitTrackDisplay|rosstom@g.ucla.edu
# calibrations
coresoftware/calibrations/calorimeter/calo_tower_slope|frantz@ohio.edu
coresoftware/calibrations/calorimeter/calo_emc_pi0_tbt|frantz@ohio.edu
coresoftware/calibrations/tpc/generator|ross.corliss@stonybrook.edu
coresoftware/calibrations/tpc/fillSpaceChargeMaps|mohaas33@gmail.com
# the dumping needs all objects and comes last
coresoftware/offline/packages/NodeDump|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
# this is the convenience library which loads all libraries needed for reading
# DSTs, please leave it at the end of the package list
coresoftware/simulation/g4simulation/g4dst|pinkenburg@bnl.gov
